“I'm sick of following my dreams, man. I'm just going to ask where they're going and hook up with ’em later."—Mitch Hedberg
“My mother always used to say: The older you get, the better you get, unless you’re a banana.”—Rose (Betty White), The Golden Girls
“Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes.”—Jack Handey
Bob: “Looks like you've been missing a lot of work lately.” Peter: “I wouldn't say I've been missing it, Bob.”—Bob (Paul Wilson) and Peter (Ron Livingston), Office Space
“Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet to see who they really are.”—Will Ferrell
“When your mother asks, ‘Do you want a piece of advice?’ it is a mere formality. It doesn’t matter if you answer yes or no. You’re going to get it anyway.”—Erma Bombeck
“Ned, I would love to stand here and talk with you—but I’m not going to.”—Phil Connors (Bill Murray), Groundhog Day
“Instead of getting married again, I’m going to find a woman I don’t like and give her a house.” —Rod Stewart
“A perfect parent is a person with excellent child-rearing theories and no actual children.” —Dave Barry
“Just be good and kind to your children. Not only are they the future of the world, they’re the ones who can sign you into a home.” —Dennis Miller
“When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.” —Rodney Dangerfield
“Happiness is having a large, caring, close-knit family in another city.” —George Burns
“There are two classes of travel—first class and with children.”—Robert Benchley
“When your children are teenagers, it’s important to have a dog so that someone in the house is happy to see you.” —Nora Ephron
“In order to maintain a well­-balanced perspective, the person who has a dog to worship him should also have a cat to ignore him.” —Peterborough Examiner, Canada
“Friends are God’s way of apologizing to us for our families.” —Anonymous
“The holy passion of friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.” —Mark Twain
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.”—Oscar Wilde
“I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.” —Jerome K. Jerome
“Doing nothing is very hard to do. You never know when you’re finished.” —Leslie Nielsen
 “A college education is one of the few things a person is willing to pay for and not get.” —William Lowe Bryan
 “By the time you’re 80 years old you’ve learned everything. You only have to remember it.” —George Burns
 “A gossip is a person who creates the smoke in which other people assume there’s fire.” —Dan Bennett
 “The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.” —Oscar Wilde
 “If you can’t be kind, at least be vague.” —Judith Martin
 “All the things I like to do are either immoral, illegal, or fattening.” —Alexander Woollcott
 “Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.” —Redd Fox
